# 2021.08.07 Trademark WG minutes

Time 12:00pm (BST) / 13:00 (CEST)

- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Vice-chair - Anne Currie (Container Solutions)
  
## Roll call

Sean Mcilroy - LF
Chris Adams - GWF
Anne Currie - CS
Asim Hussain - MSFT
Abhishek Gupta - MSFT

## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 
Sean Mcilroy reviews the agenda. Asim Hussain moves to adopt the agenda. All are in favour. The agenda is agreed

## Approval previous meeting minutes

[2021.08.31_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2021.08.31_minutes.md)

Asim Hussain moves to approve the minutes [2021.08.31_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2021.08.31_minutes.md). All are in favour. The Minutes are agreed

### Trademark Policy - Review Open PRs 
- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/pulls)
> Chris Adams
No PRs ready for review

### Trademark Policy - Review Open Discussions 
- [Open Discussions](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/discussions)


a Define a process for trademark defense #8 - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/8
> Chris Adams

b Acceptable use - use of the foundation name, and "green software" #6 - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/6
> Chris Adams

There are some fairly clear positions embedded in the SCI already, and a lot of work has gone into building consensus here.
We can make a position paper from this, 'extracted' from what we have consensus on in the SCI so far.

c Acceptable use - visual branding guidelines #4 - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/4
> Chris Adam 

During the last call, we decided it would make sense to write a brief as a google doc to share with the designer working on the GSF identity.
Chris updated the issue accordingly.

### Trademark Policy - Review Open Issues (Live discussion)
- [Open Issues](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues)

a Acceptable use - visual branding guidelines - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/4
> Chris Adams

During the last call, we decided it would make sense to write a brief as a google doc to share with the designer working on the GSF identity.

b Acceptable use - use of the foundation name, and "green software" - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/6
> Chris Adams 

There are some fairly clear positions embedded in the SCI already, and a lot of work has gone into building consensus here.
We can make a position paper from this, 'extracted' from what we have consensus on in the SCI so far.

c Define a process for trademark defense - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/8
> Chris Adams

Action Item - Sean to set up a call with LF to discuss the TM registration and the process for TM defense.

### Next Meetings
14 Sept @ 1200 BST

### AOB
Nothing added

## Adjournment
Asim Hussain moves to adjourn the meeting. No objections. Meeting closed
