# 2021.08.31 Trademark WG Minutes.

Time 12:00pm (BST)

- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Vice-chair - Anne Currie (Container Solutions)
  
## Roll call

* Asim Hussain - MS
* Sean Mcilroy - LF
* Chris Adams - GWF
  
## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 
Sean Mcilroy reviews the agenda. Asim moves to adopt the agenda. All are in favour. The agenda is agreed
  
## Approval previous meeting minutes
Asim Hussain moves to approve the minutes 
[2021.08.24_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2021.08.24_Minutes.md). All are in favour. The Minutes are agreed

### 1. Trademark Policy - Review Open PRs 
- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/pulls)
> No PRs to review

### 2. Trademark Policy - Review Open Issues (Live discussion)
- [Open Issues](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues)

#### a. Acceptable use - guidance on the scope of the term "green software" - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/7
Agreed the guidance on the scope for the term 'Green Software' should be continued as a discussion with the rest of the WG. 
> Action Item - Move issue over to discussions

#### b. Acceptable use - use of the foundation name, and "green software" - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/6

Asim indicated the [Manifesto](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XoGKyScdTPrQQs4Ph_E6anZwBXGE0VXa/edit#heading=h.gjdgxs) will highlight details, (In line with the TM Policy) on the acceptable use of the foundation name & green software. It was also agreed to have a public facing document.

A discussion took place about the potential for GSF being involved in other sustainability projects in the future. Asim suggested that for now the GSF's focus will be on carbon emission reduction, but as a Foundation we will come back to review  other sustainability projects. Adam indicated that the definition for the SCI should be added to give a clear indication to the user what we are trying to deliver.

> Action Item - Adam to change the SCI with the definition "[reducing] the total change in global emissions associated with a particular piece of software".
> Focus on carbon emissions, at the moment.

#### c. Acceptable use - implementing any standards or methodologies defined by the GSF - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/5
Agreed that the Implementation of any standards/methodologies should be continued as a discussion with the rest of the WG. If an Issue is identified,
> Action Item - Move issue over to discussions

#### d. Visual guidelines for logo and use - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/4

It was agreed the primary focus at the moment is to get a deliverable 'out the door' for the GSF members and public to use.

Adam offered a couple of examples of how other organisation are implementing TM Policy.
- https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks
- https://opensearch.org/assets/brand/OpenSearch-Brand-Guide.pdf - Opensearch developed these guidelines to help keep the OpenSearch brand unified and cohesive. This is something the GSF could review as a guideline for our logo.

Adam indicated the WG focus in the coming weeks, will be to draft the TM policy. The aim of the TM policy is to help ensure the reputation of the GSF is protected along with any brand assets. 

#### e. Trademark WG house keeping and onboarding - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/issues/2

#### f. Define a process for trademark defense - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/14
Duplicate of Issue 8 - to be closed
> Action Item - Adam to Close Issue

#### g. Define a process for trademark defense - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/8
It was agreed that the Trademark Group will propose and document a process for trademark defense (starting with a polite email drawing attention to potential misuse and moving upwards from there).
> Action Item - Adam to create an Issue for this document process.

### 3. Next Meetings
07 Sept @ 1200 BST
> Agreed

### 4. AOB
Nothing added

## 5. Adjournment
Asim moves to adjourn the meeting. No objections. Meeting closed
