# 2021.09.14 Trademark WG Minutes

Time 12:00pm (BST) / 13:00 (CEST)

- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Vice-chair - Anne Currie (Container Solutions)
  
## Roll call

Sean Mcilroy - LF <br>
Chris Adams - GWF<br>
Anne Currie - CS<br>
Asim Hussain - MSFT<br>
Jose Lopez - Globant<br>
  
## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 

> Sean Mcilroy reviewed the Agenda - Asim motioned to approve the agenda - No objects - Approved
  
## Approval previous meeting minutes

[2021.09.07_Minutes](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/blob/main/Agenda_Minutes/2021.08.31_minutes.md)

> Asim motions to approve the minutes - no objections - Approved

### LF Meeting review

Chris discussed the Legal TM infringment Policy for using the logo and how the GSF should apply it. It was also requested to seek some further guidance from the LF on the process for 'Cease and desist'. It was also noted that the GSF should utilise the LF 'Monitoring Service' after the registration of the logo. The Certification to support the GSF specifications was reviewed and it was agreed to persue this option. It was also proposed to have a framework to determine the entry criteria as a standard. It was agreed that the two proposed registrations (logo / certification) should be decoupled and handled individually. Asim submitted a [Trademark policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NzIHg9ilXgnCwkR71m3qMEykWTVXqUrxToXfyra7q8c/edit) to offer some language to use with the GSF logo - WG to review / TLDR version. It was discussed that the WG's should read this before anything is agreed/released i.e SCI announcement. 

Action Item - WG to review when the logo should be registered
Action Item - Sean to seek more information about the LF monitoring service.

### Trademark Policy - Review Open PRs 
- [Open PRs](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/pulls)

> Chris Adams

> No PRs to review

### Trademark Policy - Review Open Discussions - capture discussion on the call (Deferred to next meeting)
- Review discussions in the policy repo
- [Open Discussions](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/discussions)
> Chris Adams

### Trademark Policy - Review Open Issues (Live discussion) (Deferred to next meeting)
- [Open Issues](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues)
> Chris Adams

### Next Meetings
21 Sept @ 1200 BST

### AOB

## Adjournment
> Asim motions to adjourn - No objectsions - Meeting closed
