# 2021.08.24 Trademark WG Agenda

Time 10:00am (BST)

- Convener –  Sean Mcilroy (Linux Foundation)
- Chair – Chris Adams (The Green Web Foundation)
- Vice-chair - Anne Currie (Container Solutions)
  
## Roll call
Sean Mcilroy - LF<br>
Chris Adams - GWF<br>
Anne Currie - CS<br>
Asim Hussain - MS<br>
Abishek Gupta - MS<br>
Siu Chan - GS<br>

  
## Antitrust Policy
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.
  
## Agenda Approval (decision) 
Sean Mcilroy reviews the agenda. Abhishek Gupta moves to adopt the agenda. All are in favour. The agenda is agreed
  
## Approval previous meeting minutes
n/a

## Review Open PRs 

https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/pulls

Introducing trademark, and reasoning behind use of trademark to enforce acceptable use - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/pull/1
- Agreement on fact that we will have some rules for trademark(s) use and we will actively defend those rules.
- It was noted there is a budget for the filing of trademarks in multiple regions (which regions TBD).
- It was noted that the point of contact for legal trademark issues (filing and defending) will be the legal team at the Linux Foundation.
- It was agreed that the Trademark Group will propose and document a process for trademark defense (starting with a polite email drawing attention to potential misuse and moving upwards from there).

> WG agreed PR --> PR was merged.

## Review Open Issues (Live discussion)

Applying trademark on projects, vs organisational use. Guidance on using trademark to imply an org's practices are greener than otherwise - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/7
- It was noted that, to remain legally compliant, open GSF membership cannot be restricted, although the GSF can be prescriptive about steering group membership.
- It was agreed that there will be a basic company membership logo that all members can use.
- It was agreed there will be product and/or service logo(s).

Using the term green software: what we refer to when people ask what "green software" is - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/6
- It was agreed that there will be a higher level company logo (maybe with a visual cue like being more colourful) that will be usable by steering members or ordinary members that meet the same preconditions as steering members (open members "should" comply with guidelines, these higher level members "must").

Updating usage guidelines when identity is signed off - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/4<br>
- It was agreed that the current rules for steering group membership were lenient and that members should expect these rules to be tightened over time (we are in an evolving climate situation, after all). Steering members will be expected to keep up with the new rules. Members who don't keep up may have their logo status downgraded to ordinary.

Trademark guidance around software carbon intensity - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_policy/issues/5
- It was agreed that the trademark working group could consult the GSF logo designer on the above trademarks.
- It was noted that the trademark group would collaborate closely with the standards group on any product or service logos.

Trademark WG house keeping and onboarding - https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/trademark_wg/issues/2

## TM WG repo
Proposal to make the TM WG repo public
No objections - Agreed
>Action Item - Sean to update the WG repo to public

## Next Meetings
31 Aug @ 1000 BST

## AOB
Nothing added

## Adjournment
Abhishek Gupta moves to adjourn the meeting. No objections. Meeting closed
